What leads to having a quantifier interpreted?

1. triggered event (i.e. when you attack with a strength weapon, add extra 1d4 damage)
2. taking a game action
    -determining the cost 
    -paying a cost (selecting a variant/mode i.e. casting a spell with a 3rd or 5th level)
3. static calculated display/base/effect (pull on initial evaluation of base stat plus determined new value)

Entry point should specify when to pull/evaluate

First character render: apply static quantifiers on top of base stats and any given effects (i.e. waterbreathing)
On character turn (nothing on the stack per se): parse costed quantifiers for available actions/variants
On game event: search for applicable event listeners to trigger a quantifier

Quantifiers can have a Game Entry/Access Point for occasions which their evaluation is governed by game state
Static effects like poison will still have an entry as static evaluation for determining character state (instance of that owned by the parent instance)

Cost should NOT be included in game action or triggered entries, as there may be variadic or multi-step costs for a specific action variant

Chain of quantifiers (or more expressive entities) for whenever one should be applied

Quantifiers can add listeners for other triggers to happen (with their own quantifiers)

e.g. Barbarian Rage text:
You can enter it as a Bonus Action if you aren’t wearing Heavy armor.

You can enter your Rage the number of times shown for your Barbarian level in the Rages column of the Barbarian Features table. 
You regain one expended use when you finish a Short Rest, and you regain all expended uses when you finish a Long Rest.

While active, your Rage follows the rules below.

Damage Resistance. You have Resistance to Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing damage.

Rage Damage. When you make an attack using Strength—with either a weapon or an Unarmed Strike—and deal damage to the target, 
you gain a bonus to the damage that increases as you gain levels as a Barbarian, as shown in the Rage Damage column of the Barbarian Features table.

Strength Advantage. You have Advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws.
No Concentration or Spells. You can’t maintain Concentration, and you can’t cast spells.

Duration. The Rage lasts until the end of your next turn, and it ends early if you don Heavy armor or 
have the Incapacitated condition. If your Rage is still active on your next turn, you can extend the Rage for 
another round by doing one of the following:

Make an attack roll against an enemy.
Force an enemy to make a saving throw.
Take a Bonus Action to extend your Rage.
Each time the Rage is extended, it lasts until the end of your next turn. You can maintain a Rage for up to 10 minutes.


--------------------------------------

Quantifiers provide half of the handshake managed by the game engine

Templated as (assuming rage level 1, would have more effects in the effects stage if higher level):
(Player selects the rage option, determined that that's provided based on class and action state)
1. Rage entry point for engaging with that quantifier group
2. Cost determiner -> If player is wearing heavy armor allow bonus action variant, otherwise provide action option (or override? who knows)
(Player can pay and chooses to pay associated cost)
3a. Add rage lvl 1 status to character (with turns until expiry)
   - Gives resistance statuses by virtue of attached quantifiers to rage
   - Gives advantage on strength spells
   - Blocks maintaning concentration
   - Blocks casting spells
3b. Add event triggers tracking:
   - "dealing damage with a strength attack", on which quantifiers add bonus damage
   - "on end of next turn", on which remove rage
   - "on becoming equipped with heavy armor", on which remove rage
   - "on attack", "on enemy save caused by you" (maybe optional), reset rage turn timer
   - "on time passing (10min)", remove rage
3c. Give character bonus action option to extend rage (maybe with warning prompt that you don't have to)


